why is it got criteria native range and
thanks for okay look um yes thank you
okay please lock your car everything
will be cool yeah peace yo what is up
guys it's rain Mara I have two things to
say one is I am back to xbox some of the
current members of rain probably don't
know who I am and just let you guys know
I was either the manager of the
co-leader of rain during about the 2.5 k
range i think it was and yeah probably
some of the original numbers would add
me i literally just joined rain back
less than an hour and a half ago
probably thanks to dubs he let me back
in he's like your former so he just he's
an awesome dude go subscribe to him but
what I'm here is to thank you guys for
4k subscribers that that is a big
milestone for rain especially since I
even though I quit for a while I've been
here for a while I've always checked up
on rain because rain was like a family
to me this is like probably one of the
best clans I've been in on xbox they
treat you like family and we treat
everybody else with respect unless
you're being a douche but yeah I'm just
thinking you guys for 4k it means a lot
to us of course we wouldn't be able to
get here without you guys and I just
hope that you guys could keep watching
our content we have some sick stuff
coming out and I was hoping you guys
could keep subscribing and showing your
friends and yeah so this is rain Mara
and I'm out
hey guys what's up with rain Jack here I
like you guys for 4k I'd like to thank
all the fans and uh yeah thanks for
fucking little sup guys big all here to
just watch a size 44 k it a lot good
stuff the don't forget to like and
comment no to ya nice before get she
searched your whore Oh dead x what up
guys it's raining dist I just wanna say
thank you for 4k um yes my dog shirt not
sure if you can see the ball sack on it
but anyways thanks for 4k guys peace oh
I just flipped off the camera peace yo
what's up guys rain x here I just wanna
thank you guys for 4k means a lot to me
and the rest of the clan um yeah and
just I think I joined it like 3.3 i
think it was and yeah well we've gone a
long way since then so just keep on
liking and commenting on their videos
and make us happy so ya see you guys
like hey guys drive your hands my rain
for kid RL and um yeah the matzo
sweatshirt my arm or my wrist it broke
when I was doing a wheelie and I failed
on a bike and I fell into the bike fell
and lyon it really awkwardly so yeah
that happened hey guys thanks for k and
that's about it stride out peace
oh shit Oh what other guys it is ranked
as here I think you guys four thousand
subscribers and I Brenda Jordan
yesterday and I could tell that this
clan is good class and yeah keeps loving
yeah hello guys this is rayne formed
thanks for thanks for 4k keep liking
keep commenting and now my brother will
jump over me and my dog okay it also
shout out to ryan it socks what's a
little bitch is a boy rain chance oh
thanks for 4k thanks for all the lights
and comments i've been here since 3.2 k
and so far it's turned out really good
alright peace guys what's up guys it's
rain mystery here and just saying thanks
for 4k I mean means a lot to all of us
so thanks guys I'm out I was range a
year just had friends for 4k kate lough
clinton subscribe and stuff and their
friends what up guys rankings here and I
just quickly on say thank you for 4k
subscribers sup guys snuzzle or rain
snugs um just wanna say thanks for 4k
yeah but hello guys it's made sense to
you I want to thank you for for gate
subscribers